PLATUI-1941: Added timeout-dialog synchronise tabs (#187)
hmrc/play-frontend-hmrc: README.md

   a parameter. For example if using `hmrcLayout`, pass `Some(hmrcTimeoutDialogHelper(signOutUrl = signOutUrl))` in the 
   `additionalHeadBlock` parameter.

#### Synchronise session between tabs ####

Additionally, services can choose to opt-in to behaviour to synchronise session extension between different HMRC tabs
(using the `BroadcastChannel` API in browsers). In practical terms, this means that if a user sees a timeout dialog in

> an active tab, and clicks to extend their session, the session will also be extended in any background tabs.

Reviewer: What about
```suggestion
an active tab, and clicks to extend their session, then the timeout dialogs that have also opted into this behaviour in any background tabs will also be restart the countdowns until they display their timeout warning.
```

> an active tab, and clicks to extend their session, then the timeout dialogs that have also opted into this behaviour in any background tabs will also be restart the countdowns until they display their timeout warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an active tab, and clicks to extend their session, then the timeout dialogs that have also opted into this behaviour in any background tabs will also restart the countdowns until they display their timeout warning.
```

Sorry @JoPintoPaul I left a rogue word in there by mistake!
